README.md, before:

# Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function
### This repository contains an Azure Function that monitors temperature readings. It’s designed to be simple, efficient, and easy to use.

* Table of Contents
* Code and Test Preview
* Test Results
* Performance Analysis
* Execution Instructions
* Contributing

## Code + Test Preview:
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/9a18ed73-84a5-4c1a-8fc5-8e6774888541)

## Run test result on the right hand side:
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/d5ba856e-de62-42b9-8a35-de0b29e36b1e)

## Monitor your function for performance analysis after execution. 
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/ebb45495-9d4b-492c-890e-14b42c1b3f91)

## Head over to your local desktop terminal and execute the commands (the following image is for Windows 11's Command Prompt):
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/bc3ce6f2-443d-4271-a585-2a6619652575)

Commit message:

UpdateD README.md with cmd code

README.md, after:

# Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function
### This repository contains an Azure Function that monitors temperature readings. It’s designed to be simple, efficient, and easy to use.

* Table of Contents (this section)
* Code and Test Preview
* Test Results
* Performance Analysis
* Execution Instructions
* Contributing

### Code + Test Preview:
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/9a18ed73-84a5-4c1a-8fc5-8e6774888541)

### Run test result on the right hand side:
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/d5ba856e-de62-42b9-8a35-de0b29e36b1e)

### Monitor your function for performance analysis after execution. 
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/ebb45495-9d4b-492c-890e-14b42c1b3f91)

### Head over to your local desktop terminal and execute the commands (the following image is for Windows 11's Command Prompt):
![image](https://github.com/Kurayami7/Temperature-Sensor-Azure-Function/assets/124408792/bc3ce6f2-443d-4271-a585-2a6619652575)

### Command for your terminal (Microsoft Windows' command prompt in this case):
`curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --header "x-functions-key: [your-function-key]" --request POST --data "{\"readings\": [{\"temperature\": 30}, {\"temperature\": 40}, {\"temperature\": 55}]}" https://escalator-functions-aar.azurewebsites.net/api/temperatureSensorFunction?code=9MaRAh9W6vao5rQDX7MzsjtHfhnDwBoW1TYJTbOuV8VhAzFuo7KkBA%3D%3D8VhAzFuo7KkBA==`
Ensure you replace the link with your own azure function's link (click 'Get function URL'):
